Adding release notes for 1.0. (#181)
okteto/docs: src/content/enterprise/install/releases.mdx

id: releases
---

## 1.0.0
September 1, 2022

### Removal Notice
- Kubernetes [1.19](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.19.md) is no longer supprted.

### Deprecation Notice
- Support for Kubernetes [1.20](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.20.md) has been derprecated and will be removed next release.

### Features
- Okteto UI now allows users to specify the manifest path when launching a dev environment.

### Improvements

> - Chart has been renamed from "Okteto Enterprise" to "Okteto". This will result in all kubernetes resources being renamed in the okteto namespace.

Reviewer: Provecho mentioned that this can cause a downtime due to the IP of the load balancer changing when it's recreated. Where should we mention that?

id: releases
---

## 1.0.0
September 1, 2022

### Removal Notice
- Kubernetes [1.19](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.19.md) is no longer supprted.

### Deprecation Notice
- Support for Kubernetes [1.20](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.20.md) has been derprecated and will be removed next release.

### Features

> - License enforcements changed to allow for easier adoption.

Reviewer: In general, I think we should describe this in terms of the user benefit. 

But given the sensitive nature of this one (it could lead to abuse), I think it's better not to mention it.

Author: - [ ] Remove this.

    - Unlicensed instances will be limited to 1 user.

>     - Instances with a trial license will be limted to 3 users.

Reviewer: This is not the case right? The limit should come from the license? (Eg we could do a trial with 100 seats for a large team)

Author: This is an incorrect statement. The line should be removed and trial is simply a boolean in the license data and has no bearing on the seat limits.

>     - Scale and Enterprise limits will be softly enforced to ease user management and promote adoption of your installation.

Reviewer: I don't think we need to mention this here.

Author: - [ ] Remove this.

- Okteto UI now allows users to specify the manifest path when launching a dev environment.

### Improvements

> - Chart has been renamed from "Okteto Enterprise" to "Okteto". This will result in all kubernetes resources being renamed in the okteto namespace.

Reviewer: Can we mention if thus will cause downtime, or any other side effects?

Author: It will not cause downtime.

- [ ] Add mention of resources being renamed.

> - Installation has been simplified through improvements in certificate management.

Reviewer: We should be more specific on what was simplified. Maybe we just say that cert-manager is longer required, and that okteto will generate a self-signed cert by default?

Author: I did this already I think. It's a sub-bullet point of this item. Is there a more clear way for me to mention it @rberrelleza ?

Reviewer: I think is better to remove this and just leave the sub-bullet since it's more specific.

>     - The cert-manager chart is no long bundled with Okteto and is no longer installed.

Reviewer: I think there's a typo in "is no long bundled "

Author: - [ ] Edit for typo

    - Okteto will now use a self-signed certificate by default.
- Add support for Kubernetes [1.23](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.23.md).
- Upgrade ingress-nginx to [4.2.1](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx/releases/tag/helm-chart-4.2.1).

> - Exposed grpc connection configuration for the buildkit grpc client and server.

Reviewer: Do we have a doc on this? If would be useful if we can mention what this is for.

Author: Yes, but it's in PR. It will need to be merged before I do this and with the 1.0 branch this is easier than before.

- [ ] Follow-up on this and add a link once the connection docs are in.

Reviewer 2: PRs related to grpc connection were merge on `relese-1.0` branch

### Bugfixes

> - Fixed an issue where PVCs were not deleting if volumeSnapshots were enabled.

Reviewer: Maybe there's a typo? "Were not deleted"

Author: - [ ] reword for clarity

    - Okteto will now use a self-signed certificate by default.
- Add support for Kubernetes [1.23](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.23.md).
- Upgrade ingress-nginx to [4.2.1](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx/releases/tag/helm-chart-4.2.1).

> - Exposed grpc connection configuration for the buildkit grpc client and server.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Exposed gRPC connection configuration for the BuildKit gRPC client and server.
```

### Improvements
- Upgraded Okteto CLI to [2.4.2](https://github.com/okteto/okteto/releases/tag/2.4.2)

> - Remove deprecated Google Sign-in Javascript Platform Library in favor or standard OAuth. More info [here](https://developers.googleblog.com/2021/08/gsi-jsweb-deprecation.html). No action is required.

Reviewer: Typo in "in favor or"?

> - Remove deprecated Google Sign-in Javascript Platform Library in favor or standard OAuth. More info [here](https://developers.googleblog.com/2021/08/gsi-jsweb-deprecation.html). No action is required.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Removed deprecated Google Sign-in JavaScript Platform Library in favor of standard OAuth. More info [here](https://developers.googleblog.com/2021/08/gsi-jsweb-deprecation.html). No action is required.
```
